i dmd her because i was paranoid and i couldnt cope with not knowing anything, you know im jealous of you and athena and ive just wanted you back for so long and all the messages ive wrote everything nolan, im just jealous and a fucking loser. i dont know what to do nolan, i dmd her and i did yes im sorry, but i just couldnt cope with it nolan. i wanted to kno what was going on between you both, i didnt know what to do, im just paranoid. i try my hardest nolan to try and not think but its so fucking hard nolan, i cant stop thinking about you and if you were going to find someone new. everytime you go on mobile i think you're sending pics of yourself to athena. basically, those dms, i dmd her because i was angry at myself, i realised i let you go and i knew i wouldnt get you back. i dmd her as a last chance, i tried being angry and getting something on you, but it didnt work and i just made myself look fucking stupid nolan. i dont know what i was doing, i was going through so much shit i couldnt even think straight, all i wanted to know is what was happening nolan. thats why i dmd her, i didnt know what to do, i was so paranoid and anxious and i couldnt help myself. i love you so much nolan and you know i do, i just really fucking miss you nolan. its so hard without you, and i just wanted to tell people i dont know why i dmd camy i just wanted to know primarily why you unfriended her because you were both the bestest of friends. and i understood that it would hurt you and thats why i did it because i just i dont know nolan i was so angry that day and i wanted you to feel my pain but you already have felt it and im so sorry nolan, i wouldnt of done it if my mindset was in the right place. you know i get really upset and jealous whenever you match with someone else because you were mine. and you know me by now nolan, i really miss you and i wouldnt give up if i still had the slightest bit of hope. i was so upset about you and i didnt know what to do, i thought camy would explain things to me but i realise people talk behind my back and nobody really wants the best for me. i had nobody to go to, and i thought because you and camy werent friends anymore i could dm her and express myself, but that clearly was not the case. on the 30th yesterday, when you blocked me i realised i fucked up so badly and that i was so upset, it was our special day and i fucked up badly and i missed you so fucking much that day. watching you match with athena really fucking hurts me nolan because we used to always do that, go around games finding fits for eachother, then we would end up probably going into a condo or playing something with eachother. i still remember that, and i always will nolan. i realise now i just cant cope without you nolan. i make fucking stupid decisions and i dont think about them, its all because i lost you, i cant fucking think straight, my parents think im sad and that i need help, my parents made me go to the doctors because i was shaking my hands a lot and couldnt hold shit straight without shaking. i cant cope without you nolan, and i know this is so embarrassing and shit but its the truth. it hurts so much, i get jealous so much and i understand i piss you off so much but i dont know what to do. i just think to myself if i try and hurt you things will get better. but it clearly doesnt nolan, i dont even know why i thought of that. watching you play with her, matching fits, yes i did stalk you nolan and im not even going to lie about that. i dont know why i tried to get kfard involved, i just wanted you back so fucking badly and i thought to myself the only way i would get you back was by trying to make you talk less to athena, because you are always together, but that doesnt fucking work clearly nolan. i dont even know why i did it, or said this shit, im just paranoid and cant think straight. i just think im right all the time, i just think i know everything when i dont. i just miss you so much nolan, ive said it to much and i will always apologise for the things ive done but nolan it hurts. i only said this shit to camy because well, i wanted like really wanted to hurt you or try to, and that was only because i was super jealous and angry about it. i knew you were getting closer and closer to athena, and now you told me she isnt even dating kfard makes me even more anxious and paranoid because you might end up dating. i mean fuck nolan, camy evn tried to fucking help me last night by assuring me that athena wouldn't even hit on you, camy, out of all fucking people nolan. i was clearly out of options, and didn't know who to look to. i just thought i could get away with it, but i cant. whenever i watch you two play it hurts me so much because i dont know whats going on, if you're flirting with eachother, if you're dating, and i just wanted you back nolan, and you know i still fucking do. i will do anything i can to make you come back to me nolan, all the time you need, all the information out of me nolan, i would literally fucking commit something illegal if i had to, just to get you back and i fucking mean it. i only dmd her because of literally everything ive said in this paragraph, i wanted to get you back, and the only way i thought at the time was to get athena away from you and then i could comfort you, but i realise thats so fucking stupid and i shouldn't of gotten involved in it. i didnt want to cause drama, i just wanted to try and scare you but i realise now you scare me nolan and i can never do anything to hurt you and i realise now that me even saying i wanted to get kfard involved was fucking stupid and i knew the risk i was taking. you know how bad i overthink and react about shit nolo, and i cant control it. i miss being called joy diane, i miss us, jolan. and i dont know what to do anymore. even with the mel girl, when you added her to ur bio and shit, i freaked out and almost started cutting again because i missed you so much and i was so upset that i thought you moved on and i didnt even have a chance to say anything. like ive been saying all day nolan i really want you to read those messages i've sent you, it's everything i want to do and i promise i will do those if you gave me a chance again. i just want to be the person who you will talk to whenever you're sad or bored, like when you said nolan, "and second athena is js my friend and its just a sm1  with who i can talk" i wanted that to be me nolan, i've always said i just wanted that to be me and it really hurt in that vc, i dont know if you realised but my friends irl are realising my voice is changing and im sounding a lot more depressed. you know adam, the ginger boy, lol, he realises like im not the same person i was before and im more quiter and upset, and its all because of us nolan. its affected me so badly im like so anxious to talk to anyone irl because i realise whatever i say i just fuck up. and the same for the "maybe beacause i need to talk to some people?" i just wanted that to be nolan, i reassured you everyday i was here if you wanted someone to talk to, i know its weird and hard talking to me after everything we've been through, but i just wanted to be there for you, and you told me the most about you nolan, autism, anxiety, bipolar issues everything nolan. i know you the most in my personal opinion and i can understand whenever you're sad or upset over text because i've been there for you everytime you've been upset, i understand whenever you are nolan, and thats because of how much time we spent together. i can know your emotions through a text message nolan its fucking crazy. and yes. the things i said to camy i dont even know myself, it was all overthinking and i just couldnt control myself at that time, i just thought i knew it all, thought i could fix everything, get you back, but i cant nolan. i understand everything now nolan and i finally realise im nothing to you like you said last night, you dont really read the shit i say to you and i cant even force you to. of course, i know in vc i said i wasnt going to choose who you can be friends with, and yes i wont, but you know nolan even when we were dating i was overthinking and panicking over athena because she was always with you and we would never talk a lot, you ignored me for an entire day once to play with her and that broke me. ive been so overprotective over you because you told me that you got cheated on, and i wanted to protect you from everyone, i wanted you to be only mine and thats why im so anxious and scared and i overthink about everything even now nolan, i still think you're mine and i still think my words have an impact to you. but they dont, and i just miss whenever i would wake up, seeing texts from you missing me if i fell asleep, or texts of you just worrying about me showing you cared. i miss checking my discord randomly and seeing you asking for me to comfort you, cuddle you, everything like that and i just want us back. nolan, in my eyes, you were happy with me, you felt happy and comfortable with me when we were dating, i mean when you said maybe to dating me again i was so happy i couldnt control myself, i tried forcing you and yes i know i did, and im sorry for attempting to force you to date me again, but im so desperate for you nolan. and you fucking damn well know i am, youre the most handsome boy with your pretty eyes, and your pretty face, and you are just so handsome all together nolan and thats why i want you back so badly, just to call you handsome, cuddle, everything we did together nolan. it hurts me whenever we don't talk because i remember literally everyday we'd send like 1k - 5k+ messages to eachother because we was so inlove. in the vc before in that gc with the ukranians, i could fall asleep to your voice i missed it that much, and just listening to you laugh and hearing you have fun made me so happy, because i love whenever you're happy with people and yes i know its weird im saying that because you're happy with athena, but it makes me happy whenever you're in vc laughing with your friends etc, but athena is different and i dont know why. ever since that party nolan, ive been so paranoid and overprotective and i wont even lie to you nolan, i could not stop thinking if you drank that night, what would happen if you kissed her that night. and i know you reassured me you never did anything because you loved me. and all of that nolan, and i wish you would do that again whenever i say you were cheating or something like that, because that night i know i always talk about it, you never reassured me about it and i took it to heart and realised that you were probably cheating, you werent i know you wouldnt, but at that time i thought that, and whenever i thought of that night i would instantly think you were cheating, because i said it that night so much and cried so fucking much that night that its like stuck in my fucking brain that i said you were cheating. theres so much i want to say but i dont know how to word it, i just miss you entirely nolan. these messages (https://discord.com/channels/@me/1114230712401416312/1157813451943583857) and ive told yu so much today i just wanted you to read them, and everything is true there. i just want that, i dont care what it takes nolan, i just want you back. and i know it'll be hard on you and your friends, but i just want you to think about everything i say, in this message too, and those messages. i apologise for everything ive done and i promise i wont even talk to anyone else, ill stick to my friend group like naomi etc, but nolan, i get so paranoid and i just dont think i might end up doing it one day and i know thats not what you want to hear, but i think i'll get so upset and paranoid i might end up doing it, but if i do please tell me and i will apologise, but i think theres something wrong with me nolan, i dont know what it is, i cant stop thinking about you, i mean i failed so many exams because you were on my mind. i cant get you off my mind nolan, and i just realise we spent so much time together and everything. and i just miss it all. please just come back to me or attempt to, and please forgive me for what i've done. i deeply apologise, and i will do everything in my power to make you forgive me, not forcefully, but anything you want ill do it. putting you over my profile, giving you my account, anything nolan. please. just tell me. im deeply sorry, and i love you. please just deeply think about everything nolan, the shit ive done to get your attention, and nolan you wont find anyone else whos this crazy for you, im going insane without you, im inlove, im obsessed and i just cant stop. i look at your pics every day to keep me happy because your handsome face is so i just dont even know how to explain it i just want to grab ur face and just like squash u because u are so cute. 
