it’s best if i just stopped to be honest, nobody really likes me anymore and im kind of like a social outcast to everyone now lol. i don't socialise with people and im just a weird loner, chasing after a boy who doesn't even love me and probably wants me to end my life just so i stop annoying him lol. honestly ive been thinking about it for a while, if i just died nobody would even care, nobody would even cry, people would just laugh and move on because i mean nothing to nobody lol. i wake up and just regret my life, im so boring and i have no friends. i sometimes wish that i killed killed the night i said i wanted to, because it's now making me realise nobody gives a shit. even if somebody makes me feel happy or makes me think they care, they don't, everybody wouldn't even realise i'd be dead, they'd think i was just doing it for attention lol. i mean what's the point? nobody likes me, my parents think i'm a disappointment, the only boy i want doesn't even want me anymore, i just annoy him . everything just falls apart, i tried my hardest, but i just don't think i can do it anymore lol. i might just give up, for the past 2-3 years i've just thought of ending it all, because everything is just miserable, everytime i try to talk to someone i just get the thought i'm annoying them and i just stop, i just don't think of myself positively, i hate myself, i hate everything about myself. i'm a fucking loser, nobody likes me, not even him lol. i try being myself but all the time i just have to make myself look like i'm happy, enjoying my life, when in reality i just want to end it all because there's no point. everything is so tiring, i've been trying to get my boyfriend back for a month and nothing helps, he's lost interest in me and wants to find somebody else which is understandable, i think he lost interest in me in the first few months of dating lol. 

sometimes in life i just think im extremely worthless and nobody really loves me. i always try my hardest for people and don’t really get the same in return. i overthink about everything and then people get upset about it because i care too much or get too attached to somebody where everything becomes a problem because losing them is my biggest fear
